---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-01T19:09:38.119Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-01T19:09:08.414Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-01-d53aa945-0966-45d3-babc-1bd06bd6e127.md
published: true
url: d53aa945-0966-45d3-babc-1bd06bd6e127/index.html
_type: Article

---
Tonight was like a lot of the rare nights that I venture out: I had drinks with a friend from Austin that I met here in London. He commented that he knew someone that stumbled into an opportunity to write a novel he'd always wanted to do and what a dream that must be to do full time. 'That's sort of like your life here in London I guess, huh?' I started to say yes, it's the same thing, and then somehow we moved onto another topic before I got to what I was really trying to say which is that it isn't as easy as you might think.I wanted to tell him that I've done the things people normally think are difficult and they weren't nearly as difficult as knowing what to do on whatever day this is at whatever time this is when no one is watching.I have a lot of potential but I still can't decide 'what I want to be when I grow up' and the more I grow the less I want to commit to being some certain thing. I don't want to blame it on anything and don't know that it's useful to anyways but my gut tells me it has a lot to do with moving every year or so growing up as a military kid. They didn't like you at place A but maybe they'll like you at place B if you're different. They still didn't like you at place B but at least now you know how to be the person they'll probably like in place C. You do that long enough and it's hard to remember who you really wanted to be. I continually fail to understand as an adult that I have just one life and not a life for every one of those personas and I somehow wake up everyday deleriously thinking I can be a music producer and CPA and blogger and photographer and web designer and songwriter and author and husband and an entrepreneur of all these ideas I've sketched out at the same time. I recognize that I can't, but I don't really know it yet and I suspect I probably won't any time soon, and maybe never will.When does your work day end when no one is watching? When do you say you've done enough? When you're tired? When you want to be doing something else? When you have to sacrifice other things? When it hurts? When you can't possible do it anymore? It's 3am in London right now on one of the two and a half years worth of days I lived here and I have to decide now, as with each and every hour, what is worth the finite time that I have to give? Can I afford to sleep? And do I need to if I'm already living the dream?