---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-01T19:09:38.100Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-01T19:07:02.133Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-01-de43d4e4-4a85-44d4-872c-d1b9462b3d2c.md
published: true
url: de43d4e4-4a85-44d4-872c-d1b9462b3d2c/index.html
_type: Article

---
i pray every day.  i started doing it when i was in the 7th grade or so and the first night i forgot to do it my hamster died and i assumed it was my fault so i've prayed every single day since.  my prayer has matured a lot over the years.  for a long time i only prayed for myself.  and then i prayed for my family and friends.  and then i started praying more broadly (world peace, etc) but worried that it was diluting the prayers for those closer to me.  it wasn't really until the last few years that i started believing that there's no sense in rationing my prayers or my love.  my close friend colleen (many of you probably know her now because she's been active in flipside for a couple years, DAFT/etc) told me once that i have to stop rationing my life as if it's finite...'you are endless' she said.  i come to understand that more and more each day but at the least i know my love and prayers are endless too.  when i pray now, i pray for the world several times over, because i know i can.  i say all of that to draw attention to how much intention i regularly focus on things and then to say that tonight i pray specifically for a friend who is very ill right now.  he has one of the best senses of humor i've ever seen.  i love that.  and he's smart.  i love that too.  and he was always so nice to me.  i send him all my love tonight.  all of it.